a i
aba nie
abatiša opátka
abbé kňaz
abdikovať odstúpiť
abecedár šlabikár
aberácia odchýlka
abiturient maturant
ablácia denudácia
ablegát zástupca
abnormalita nenormálnosť
abnormálne nenormálne
abnormálnosť nenormálnosť
abnormálny nenormálny
abnormita abnormalita
abnormný neprirodzený
abo alebo
abonent odoberateľ
abonentka vstupenka
abonentný predplatný
abonmán predplatné
abonovať predplatiť
abortovať potratiť
abortus potrat
abože alebo
abrahámoviny päťdesiatka
abrakadabraka čáry-máry
absencia neprítomnosť
absentovať chýbať
i a
nie aba
opátka abatiša
kňaz abbé
odstúpiť abdikovať
šlabikár abecedár
odchýlka aberácia
maturant abiturient
denudácia ablácia
zástupca ablegát
nenormálnosť abnormalita
nenormálne abnormálne
nenormálnosť abnormálnosť
nenormálny abnormálny
abnormalita abnormita
neprirodzený abnormný
alebo abo
odoberateľ abonent
vstupenka abonentka
predplatný abonentný
predplatné abonmán
predplatiť abonovať
potratiť abortovať
potrat abortus
alebo abože
päťdesiatka abrahámoviny
čáry-máry abrakadabraka
neprítomnosť absencia
chýbať absentovať
__ __
absolutista 
absolutistický 
absolutizmus 
absolútne 
absolútny 
absolvovať 
absorbovať 
abstinencia 
abstinent 
abstinentný 
abstinentský 
abstrahovať 
abstrakcia 
abstraktný 
absurdita 
absurdnosť 
absurdný 
absurdum 
aby 
abyže 
acyklický 
ač 
ačida 
ačidali 
ačkoľvek 
ačpráve 
adagiový 
adamita 
adaptabilný 
adaptácia 
adaptátor 
adaptovať 